# Introduction
This book is a guide for Performance-Based Architectural Design. Building Information Modeling (BIM) and Building Performance Simulation (BPS) is the two main type of technology used in the design process. BIM is the technology that enables the creation of one or more digital models of a building to support all the phases of design, allowing better analysis and control. These models must contain geometrical and all other data needed to support construction, fabrication, and procurement activities for building delivery, operation, and maintenance {cite}`sacks_bim_2018`. In this manual, the main technologies used for BIM are FreeCAD and Industry Foundation Class (IFC). Openstudio is used for Building Performance Simulation (BPS) to understand the energy performance aspect of the design. This is not a complete guide to FreeCAD and OpenStudio, but just explains a collection of features in these software that are useful for arhitectural design. You can install FreeCAD <a href="https://www.freecad.org/downloads.php" target="_blank">here</a>. For some of the workflows I have used other open-source and freely available tools to process the data. In principle, I have tried to used open-source tools for the workflows to make sure they are openly accessible.

## How to Use This Book
The book is divided into 4 parts. The **First Part: Concepts** covers the basic concept for BIM and BEM and the motivation for using them in design. The **Second Part: Tutorials** provide step-by-step tutorials. The **Third Part: How-Tos** covers How-Tos guide on software functions. The **Fourth Part: Building Performance References** covers basic concepts on building performances.

You can search through the whole book with the search bar. Please use the search bar to find relevant resources for your purpose.
